website/integrations: proxmox: cleanup guide (#11894)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/services/proxmox-ve/index.md

-   `proxmox.company` is the FQDN of the Proxmox VE server.
-   `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik install.

## authentik configuration

> 1. Navigate to the Admin interface, then click **Providers** to create an OAuth2/OpenID provider with these settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Admin interface, navigate to **Applications -> Providers** to create an OAuth2/OpenID provider with these settings:
```

    - Go to **Datacenter** > **Permissions** > **Realms**.
    - Click **Add** and select **Realm** to open the Add Realm dialog.

3. Fill out the OpenID Connect settings.

    - In the dialog that appears, fill in the following details:
        - **Issuer URL**: Enter the Issuer URL from authentik (found in your provider's overview tab), e.g., `https://authentik.company/application/o/proxmox/`.
        - **Realm**: Enter a name for this authentication source, such as `authentik`.
        - **Client ID**: Enter the Client ID found on the provider overview page.
        - **Client Key**: Enter the Client Secret. (To find this value click **Edit** on the Provider overview page.)
        - **Username claim**: Set this to `username`.
        - **Autocreate users**: Check this box if you want Proxmox to automatically create users upon first login. If checked, users will appear in Proxmox with the format `<authentik username>@authentik`.
        - **Default**: Check this if you want OpenID Connect to be pre-selected as the default on the login screen.

    **Example configuration**:

    ![Proxmox Add OpenID Connect Server Dialog](proxmox-source.png)

> 4. **Save the configuration**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Save the configuration**.
```

-   `proxmox.company` is the FQDN of the Proxmox VE server.
-   `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik install.

> ## authentik setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## authentik configuration
```

> 1. **Navigate to the Admin interface, then click Providers to create an OAuth2/OpenID provider with these settings:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the Admin interface, then click **Providers** to create an OAuth2/OpenID provider with these settings:
```

    - **Name:** proxmox
    - **Redirect URI:** `https://proxmox.company:8006` (No trailing slash, include the web interface port)
    - **Signing Key:** Select any available key

> 2. **Create an application using this provider**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an application using the provider.
```

Reviewer: I see the aesthetic/readability appeal of bolding the whole sentence, but... we don't do that in any other docs...

    - Under **Applications** > **Applications** in the Admin interface, create a new application and configure it to use the provider created in the previous step.
    - Optionally, apply access restrictions to the application.
    - Set the **Launch URL** to `https://proxmox.company:8006`.

> ## Proxmox VE setup (web interface)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Proxmox VE (web interface) configuration
```

Reviewer: Is "(web interface)" describing the "Proxmox VE"? Hopefully I didn't mess things up by reordering...?

1. **Log in to the Proxmox web interface**

    - Access the Proxmox VE web interface and log in with an administrative account.

> 2. **Navigate to authentication source settings**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to authentication source settings.
```

    - Go to **Datacenter** > **Permissions** > **Realms**.
    - Click **Add** and select **Realm** to open the Add Realm dialog.

> 3. **Fill out the OpenID Connect settings**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Fill out the OpenID Connect settings.
```

    - In the dialog that appears, fill in the following details:

>         - **Issuer URL**: Enter the Issuer URL from authentik (found under _Provider Metadata_), e.g., `https://authentik.company/application/o/proxmox/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Issuer URL**: Enter the Issuer URL from authentik (found under **Provider Metadata**), e.g., `https://authentik.company/application/o/proxmox/`.
```

Reviewer: Where exactly is Issuer Metadata? Is that a field name somewhere on authentik's UI? Let's describe where to find this value a bit better.

        - **Realm**: Enter a name for this authentication source, such as `authentik`.
        - **Client ID**: Enter the Client ID found on the provider overview page.

>         - **Client Key**: Enter the Client Secret found by clicking _Edit_ on the Provider overview page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Client Key**: Enter the Client Secret found by clicking **Edit** on the Provider overview page.
```

        - **Username claim**: Set this to `username`.
        - **Autocreate users**: Check this box if you want Proxmox to automatically create users upon first login. If checked, users will appear in Proxmox with the format `<authentik username>@authentik`.
        - **Default**: Check this if you want OpenID Connect to be pre-selected as the default on the login screen.

    **Example configuration**:

    ![Proxmox Add OpenID Connect Server Dialog](proxmox-source.png)

4. **Save the configuration**

    - Click **Add** to save the settings.

5. **Assign permissions**

    - After setting up the authentication source, go to **Permissions** to assign roles and permissions for each user as needed.

6. **Logging in**

    - Users can select this authentication method from the Proxmox login screen, or if set as default, it will be automatically selected.

    ![Proxmox login page with authentik marked as default login method](proxmox-login.png)

> ## Proxmox VE setup (CLI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Proxmox VE configuration (using CLI)
```
